[RUMBLING]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Part
of World War II history
and the bombing of Hiroshima
that few people know--
Robert Oppenheimer, the lead
developer of the atomic bomb,
had regrets at what he
had participated in.
And that's common knowledge,
but what we didn't know
is that he and Albert
Einstein reached out
to then-President
Truman suggesting
that the bomb brought on
heavy ET surveillance of Earth
with a possibility
for colonization.
This is not well known.
This should be very well known.
It should be in history
books, but it's not.
Welcome back, Paola.
>> PAOLA HARRIS: Well,
it's good to be here,
and it's certainly good to have
this discussion because I think
it's very appropriate,
especially since the film
"Oppenheimer" came out--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: --which kind of
dovetails with Jacques Vallée
in my book, "Trinity," because
we had spent a lot of time
in New Mexico, and the shadow of
Oppenheimer is there every time
we walked into the
Owl Bar and Cafe.
And then the houses they used
were right behind the Owl
Bar and Cafe.
And so if you just imagine
the planning during this,
I think this is history.
>> REGINA: Oh, it's huge.
It's a huge part of history
and also because it's
two such renowned
and highly respected
scientists who had very,
very high clearance talking--
because they had clearance.
They knew about
our participation
and the visitations from ETs and
craft and even back engineered
technology, to an extent.
So they're commenting
on this in a way,
pleading with the president
to take into consideration
we have to find a
global way to start
interfacing with these
visiting ET civilizations.
And we're going to get to the
actual letter itself in a bit.
But first, let's set the stage.
So let's talk about
Oppenheimer when
they were developing
the bomb, when
they were out there near
Trinity at the Owl what?
>> HARRIS: Owl Bar.
>> REGINA: Owl Bar and Cafe.
>> HARRIS: And it's still there.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
It's been built up.
But the people that own it
are still the same people.
For us investigative
journalists,
it's easy to go and talk
to the owner and say,
do you remember those
guys that came in here?
And she said to me--
she said, well, we thought
they were traveling salesmen
because they had these--
>> REGINA: They had briefcases.
>> HARRIS: They had briefcases,
and that's what traveling
salesmen had.
And that bar is
located at the juncture
of the Pan-American Highway,
which was very, very traveled,
and it's like just one
street in San Antonio.
>> REGINA: And in fact,
they were some of the top
physicists--
nuclear physicists
and scientists
in the world gathering
out in the desert
preparing for this,
quote, "test," which
we'll talk about in a moment.
And when you wrote
the book "Trinity,"
you interviewed
some of the people
who were alive in the day, the
young boys that had witnessed
and actually interfaced with
some of the stuff on board
a craft that visited the area
after the Trinity explosion.
>> HARRIS: One
month after, yeah.
>> REGINA: And which is--
the timing on all of this,
this letter and everything,
is extremely important
because it was very clear
that our entrance
into the atomic age
was of dire concern
for many ET species
throughout the universe.
>> HARRIS: Well, it would be.
It's just logical.
I mean, here we are,
this civilization
that seems to be
nonthreatening, and then
all at once what we do.
And we made it clear--
in fact, Jacques made it
clear that was not a test.
That was an actual bomb.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
that wasn't a test.
>> HARRIS: That was no test--
>> REGINA: What's
to test about it?
>> HARRIS: --that--
there's no testing that.
And they learned from
that, too, though,
that if you did explode
it from the air,
it did less damage
than the ground.
So you can imagine that the
fallout was 150-mile radius,
and the actual Trinity
site that we covered
is 13 miles away
from ground zero.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: And the actual Owl
Bar and Cafe is 4 miles away,
so you think that Oppenheimer
wouldn't know if he's lodging
there?
They also told me that was
the only place they could
buy groceries and the
only place in town--
the only watering hole in town.
And in those days, they had--
I don't know if people remember,
but they had soda fountains.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: And so the young guys
that were part of the Trinity--
or the Manhattan Project would
go in there to see the girls
because that's the only place
you met somebody in the 1940s
and '50s--
>> REGINA: Over a root
beer float or something--
>> HARRIS: --was the
soda-- right, exactly.
That's why they
left it uncovered
when the boys were there to
go see the girls at the Owl
Bar and Cafe.
And the little kids
told me that they
hung out there because that
was where all the action was,
at the soda fountain.
>> REGINA: Now, these are
people who are now old men.
>> HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: When they
were little kids,
they were hanging out there.
>> HARRIS: They were 9 and
7, and they were hanging out
there, and now they're in
their 80s and one is deceased.
But when you do a
story like this--
and I already knew
about this letter
because I had looked at
it at least 10 years ago.
And I'm friends with
Bob and Ryan Wood
because I had asked them--
I said, this letter
is extraordinary.
Is it real?
Because it's part of
the MJ-12 documents.
But you did more work on it.
>> REGINA: Well, I mean,
I just followed up.
You're the one that
gave me the push on it.
You gave me the
letter, a copy of it,
so I just followed
up with Bob Wood.
And I said, where did
you get this information?
So he told me what his
source was, who was--
their father was
highly entrenched
at a high level in the
government at that time.
So he was able to--
I don't know how he was
able to take a copy of it,
but he did, right?
>> HARRIS: Because they made
everything in carbon copies.
>> REGINA: The carbon-- yeah.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, not only that.
That's typewritten, so--
>> REGINA: So it was Timothy
Cooper was the man that gave
Bob Wood--
explain who Bob Wood is
so everyone understands,
it has some context.
>> HARRIS: Well, Bob Wood
worked for McDonnell Douglas,
and I love the man.
He's in his 90s now.
But he's such a treasure
trove of real history
because he and Ryan
not only worked
with the MJ-12 documents--
they did so much UFO research.
>> REGINA: Yes, he's
famous in the field.
>> HARRIS: He's famous.
>> REGINA: And he's
a credible player.
>> HARRIS: And he is.
Well, he worked for--
and he's a scientist.
He worked for McDonnell Douglas.
And the thing is
that with Bob, they
were able to put together
the history of this
because this is not
2023, just the government
releasing what it--
I mean, we're going
back to 1945 here.
>> REGINA: Yeah, this
is serious stuff.
>> HARRIS: So if you do your
homework you realize that these
documents are going around, that
with the Freedom of Information
Act we have even more documents.
And of course I have
my own archive--
>> REGINA: Right, huge.
>> HARRIS: --my own
archive of documents.
And I always kid around,
but I have 300 books,
and I've read all
my colleagues work.
Otherwise, how could I
have put this together?
One of the things I saw in
that document right off the bat
was the way it was written.
>> REGINA: This is really--
we'll get to this
in just a moment.
So we're setting the stage here.
So first of all, we've
had the, quote, "test,"
in other words, the bombing--
>> HARRIS: The actual bombing.
>> REGINA: --at Trinity, which
had huge fallout and health
consequences for
little Remy, Baucus,
and the other people
that were living there.
The native population
wasn't even warned.
And here you have--
I mean, the ignorance--
it was ignorance.
They just didn't
know in the day.
When you see the
film "Oppenheimer,"
which was so beautifully
done, and they're
getting ready for
the blast, people
are putting grease
paint on their face
and sitting in
lawn chairs [LAUGH]
waiting to watch
this detonation.
They didn't know.
>> HARRIS: They didn't know,
but what was very bad--
and I think there's a lawsuit
or something around it--
is that the repercussions
were terrible.
>> REGINA: Cancers--
>> HARRIS: Cancers.
>> REGINA: --blown-out
eardrums, eyesight-- blindness.
>> HARRIS: In fact, Jose
Padilla's mother at 5
o'clock in the morning is
packing lunch for his father,
who's going to work.
And she opens the
door, and she says
it was like the light
of a thousand suns.
>> REGINA: Right, right.
>> HARRIS: I can imagine the
sun being a thousand times more.
But she was blinded in one eye.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: And as a result--
>> REGINA: But they didn't warn
any of the native population--
>> HARRIS: No, they couldn't.
>> REGINA: --that this
was going to happen.
>> HARRIS: Well, they couldn't.
I don't know how you
work around this.
I was looking at all the
ways they could have done it.
But no, later on
they all gathered,
and they said that
they had blown up--
>> REGINA: Stay indoors
and under your covers.
Don't look outside, anything.
>> HARRIS: They said they
blew up an ammunition dump.
That was the official--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: --the
official-official--
>> REGINA: Well, it
had repercussions,
and it was filmed, and
it was also photographed.
And we're going to get to
a very unusual photograph
in a little bit because it's all
tying back to the same subject.
This development in humanity,
using this technology,
it did bring great
surveillance and great concern
that exists to this day.
We've had intervention
through the years, it appears,
from ETs-- we're going to talk
about one of them in a little
bit--
to stop us from ever conducting
this kind of experiment
on Earth again because
of the damaging effects
not only to Earth but even
to the other dimensions
surrounding Earth--
>> HARRIS: Other dimensions,
>> REGINA: --that
ripple out into--
>> HARRIS: Exactly.
>> REGINA: --the domain
of other planets.
We don't think about that.
>> HARRIS: If people do their
history homework on this,
the whole Space
Brother movement,
all the messages from
the so-called Venusians,
and all the messages
were, stop the nuclear.
Stop the nuclear.
You're going to
destroy yourselves.
It was mainly nuclear.
Today we have climate
change and other things.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: But in those
days, it was about,
you people have opened
a Pandora's box,
so would you please make
that the one and only?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: But the problem with
that is then you have an arms
race, and then we're
playing a chess game.
And the only way that
you can win is stalemate.
>> REGINA: Sadly, because of the
ego structure of human beings.
>> HARRIS: There's
no way of winning a--
>> REGINA: No.
>> HARRIS: --nuclear war--
>> HARRIS: --against each other.
You can checkmate.
I mean, you can checkmate--
I have them.
You have them.
>> REGINA: Which is where
we've been for 70 years.
>> HARRIS: And today, in 2023,
we need to look at what this
means.
>> REGINA: We do.
So the blast happened.
Then we did it for real, OK,
the atomic bomb over Hiroshima,
hydrogen bomb over
Nagasaki-- competing forces
in the world of science
wanting to show their prowess.
Great rewards were given.
But behind the scenes--
Oppenheimer, there's that
very famous clip from him
that states that he
has become a destroyer.
I am become the destroyer.
>> HARRIS: Of worlds.
>> REGINA: Of worlds--
from the Bhagavad Gita.
It was a quote from the
excerpt from the Bhagavad Gita.
>> HARRIS: Right.
>> REGINA: But nonetheless,
that's how he felt inside his
own soul on this.
But the part extending
from that now, what
happens in the interim, from
the time of Hiroshima-Nagasaki
until the time they issued
this letter to Truman?
So we're talking
about August 6--
August of 1945 to June of 1947.
What happens in the interim
regarding visitations
on Earth, et cetera?
>> HARRIS: Well, first
of all, at that time--
and I have to talk about
Trinity in this-- they didn't--
I'm guessing they brought
the craft to Los Alamos.
And since there is no
Blue Book, and there's
no Air Force and
Army separately--
because they joined later on.
It's the Army Air Force
to clean that up--
they weren't sure what they had.
And then you get Kenneth
Arnold, who's in 1947.
That gets even
trickier because he's
the one that coined the
phrase "flying saucer."
And then you have
Roswell in July of 1947.
So 1947 has become the
year that supposedly marks
the beginning of the UFO era.
>> REGINA: Also the
intelligence era--
there was an intelligence
gathering operation.
It changed names from one
thing to another at that time.
What was it, again?
>> HARRIS: You mean the CIA?
>> REGINA: Yeah, yeah-- yeah.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, Colonel Corso
talked about that in his book,
the intelligence--
>> REGINA: A lot of the
intelligence gathering really
was centered around what
happened as a result
of the atomic explosions.
>> HARRIS: Oh, absolutely.
>> REGINA: And ET--
>> HARRIS: Visitations.
>> REGINA: --visitations.
>> HARRIS: Well,
the ET visitations,
it doesn't take a rocket
scientist to figure out that
if we are being visited,
we have caused attention
in the universe.
And then if you start
following the UFOs
over nuclear facilities and look
at the Malmstrom Air Force Base
1969 event--
and it was two
events, Oscar and Echo
events where they shut down the
missiles one by one by one--
then somebody is
interested in the--
someone is interested in our
ability to destroy ourselves.
And I'm not going to
make comments around
that because some people look
at that as an act of war,
and some people look at
that as an act of peace.
>> REGINA: I see it
as an act of peace.
If we're not smart enough
to disinvolve ourselves
with that, at least someone is.
So I don't mind a
little helping hand
if it's going to keep us
from blowing each other up.
Personally, I'm OK with that.
>> HARRIS: I agree, but, see--
>> REGINA: But let's talk
about Malmstrom for a moment
for people that don't
know about that event.
And Robert Salas talks
about this a great deal.
Let's talk about what
happened that day
because it scared the
poo out of everybody.
>> HARRIS: In Montana, I
interviewed Robert Salas.
He basically said he was in
a bunker under the facility,
and there were 10
missiles pointed--
and we were pointing--
it was the Cold War,
so we're pointing
missiles at Russia,
and Russia is pointing
missiles at us.
And you hope
there's no mistakes.
So all at once, this big red
fireball came across the area.
And he said everybody that
was on the surface, all
the military guys that were on
the surface with the rifles,
they just freaked
themselves out because it
was over the missile silos,
the nuclear missile silos.
>> REGINA: Yeah, this big
thing was hovering there.
Everyone's scared.
>> HARRIS: And then everything
went down one at a time.
>> REGINA: Each
missile was shut down.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, one at a time,
and then within a week they
were back up.
So this is why it's
not an act of war.
If they wanted to, they would
have destroyed the missiles.
However, what was interesting--
I've asked Robert
in the later years.
I said, did you get any message?
And he said in my head, they
said, "We can shut you down."
I said you heard
that in your head?
And he said yes.
And of course,
Robert did a lot of--
this is what I don't understand.
He did a lot of disclosure.
And it was very,
very interesting
because he was at the citizen
hearing and talked about this.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: He was in Washington.
>> REGINA: I
remember that, yeah.
He was at the original
disclosure in DC.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, so
we've had disclosure.
>> REGINA: That would
have been a long time ago.
>> HARRIS: It
happened a while ago--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: --in the 2000s.
I mean, that was real.
That wasn't just a simple thing.
So looking at this
and then the fact
that they activated
the codes in Russia,
and that must have been scary.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: And they have
also appeared over nuclear
facilities.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: I interviewed
Jean-Charles Duboc,
who's a French pilot
with Air France.
In Europe, I interviewed
him, and he told me that
in his Air France airplane that
all the people saw the UFO.
And I said where was it?
And he said it was over
a nuclear facility.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: Because I don't
think it's just hanging out.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: And so if you start
doing where a lot of these
sites-- even Stephenville,
there's a nuclear facility
in Texas.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: So if you
start putting together,
connecting the dots--
>> REGINA: You see they hang
out around nuclear facilities
and military bases where
development's going on.
>> HARRIS: Right, so I mean,
what's surprising about this?
>> REGINA: Yeah, there shouldn't
be anything surprising about it
except for people who
still think we're the only
intelligent--
quote, "intelligent"
species in the universe.
I don't think we need to
argue that one too much,
but so the point being
that they have come,
and there have been
also stories that there
were some kind of errant shots
fired across the bow that
were essentially neutralized.
And then we have that one
out of Vandenberg Air Force
Base that shot to the moon.
>> HARRIS: Right.
>> REGINA: And that
was captured on film.
>> HARRIS: Right.
>> REGINA: I've seen the film.
I saw that originally
at disclosure.
>> HARRIS: I know Robert
Hastings did a lot on that.
>> REGINA: He did, but wasn't
that film the one that was
actually used in
"Project Blue Book"
on the History Channel in the
slightly fictionalized version
of all this?
They showed that.
I think that was
the original film.
>> HARRIS: Well, the
original film is out there.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: And the thing
is that there, again,
it's in your interpretation.
So the military are
looking at it as hostile.
>> REGINA: And I'm
saying, yay, good for you.
They had a warhead on it.
They're trying to shoot
a warhead to the moon.
>> HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: That's hostile--
no, that's hostile.
That's us.
>> HARRIS: No, that's us.
And then Project Horizon and
the day after Roswell, Colonel
Corso talks about the testing
of an atom bomb on the moon.
And I'm going, are we crazy?
>> REGINA: So what happened was
I think it was either 14,000
or 16,000 miles an hour, they
could see after they shot this
off and everybody's at
command central watching,
and it's like, what?
What?
And some object
comes up keeping pace
with the missile, which
was at that speed by then,
and it shows it going around
it-- boom, boom, boom, boom.
[WISP] Gone.
Neutralized.
It never made its
destination to the moon.
>> HARRIS: But one of the things
that I wonder about is these
are obvious messages, Regina.
OK, so-- and we're not
listening, obviously,
because look where we are today.
Are they ever going
to let one go through,
just to teach us a lesson?
>> REGINA: [SIGH]
>> HARRIS: I'm wondering about
this just on a personal level
because we're talking
about some of the cases,
but there's a lot more that
we're not talking about here
of warnings about
what we're doing.
>> REGINA: This
stuff is serious,
and I want to bring
it back to you.
I mean, we will
eventually get to what
Einstein and Oppenheimer
wrote here, but there was--
this was really scary stuff.
You were in Rome.
OK, I'm referring to
the-- what was he--
>> HARRIS: Guy Andronik?
>> REGINA: Guy Andronik--
I didn't know how to
pronounce his name.
What happened with you regarding
documents on the H-bomb?
OK, tell us what
happened to you.
>> HARRIS: Well, first of all,
if you remember Oppenheimer
for the people, Teller was
arguing with Oppenheimer that
the bomb wasn't strong enough,
so he was going to go off
and do the H-bomb--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: --the
thermonuclear bomb.
And so what happened is when
I happened to be in Italy--
and I lived there
from '94 to 2007--
I saw one of the witnesses
at our local UFO meeting,
Guy Andronik, who was on
the island of Fangataufa
in the Pacific.
He was on the island
of Fangataufa,
and he was part of H-bomb
tests, which are much more
powerful than the atomic bomb.
>> REGINA: And this stuff's
being shot off on these tiny
islands and in the ocean.
>> HARRIS: In the ocean.
>> REGINA: Our oceans.
>> HARRIS: Our oceans.
And he came-- he
was testifying--
and he's very brave--
that he was present
on two occasions
because he said France did 800
H-bomb tests in the Pacific.
And I'm going,
that's just France.
How many did we do?
And India I know did a few.
And he said there were 3 feet
of dead fish on the runway
every time they'd do
it, and they killed
the coral until Greenpeace
came along with their boats
and stopped--
you know, and protested that.
He said on two occasions,
UFOs flew over the runways--
three green balls of light.
He said he jumped on an airplane
with the other military people.
They followed them, and all
the equipment on the airplane
froze.
And they were
afraid for a minute,
but when the UFOs
went over the horizon,
they regained their power
and were able to land.
Now, if these UFOs
that are flying over
the H-bomb testing are
giving us a message,
and they're not
shooting us and saying,
what are you doing
to your oceans,
and are you are
you people crazy?
Then people need to look at
that because he protested.
He came up because he had a
daughter that was deformed,
and he had a lawsuit.
And so I got him to
come to my house.
And I said, Guy, you
need to tell the world.
This is H-bomb, and you were
present, and UFOs flew over,
and they didn't do anything.
On two occasions, you saw them.
>> REGINA: And you're
having some damage to DNA
in your family.
>> HARRIS: Oh, absolutely--
that's why he was angry.
That's why he was angry.
So what happened was
while I was filming him--
and I was a little
nervous at the time,
so I called a friend of mine
who worked for customs agents
in Italy.
And he came to--
he was like my Mulder,
and I was like the Scully.
And then we finished
the taping, and then we
went to have pizza in a
restaurant with his wife--
with Guy's wife.
We came back.
They had gone home.
I saw the door of
my apartment open.
And of course, the guy,
Antonello that worked with me
had a gun because he was a
policeman for the customs.
And he pulled out the gun.
And he says, is somebody
in your apartment?
And I thought, if he's
going to shoot somebody,
let me knock on all the
doors because we're not just
doing it at random.
My door is open.
And I knocked on the
doors and said, look,
I've been broken into.
Please be witness
to what happens.
They had jumped over the
balconies in my apartment.
>> REGINA: Oh.
>> HARRIS: I was on
the seventh floor.
That's how they got in.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: They
left the door open,
but they took the film footage.
They took his computer,
my computer, all--
I have three digital
cameras at the time,
but they also took
my mother's fur coat,
jewelry, and so forth.
It was 20,000 euros worth
of material that they stole.
And somebody didn't
want us to film that--
>> REGINA: Talking about this.
>> HARRIS: --and
this is in Rome--
and talk about it because if
you really sit down and look at,
this is darn serious.
>> REGINA: Was there
another instance, too,
as I recall where there was
some kind of blast in front
of your apartment?
>> HARRIS: Oh, when I was
doing the Michael Wolf case,
I had my car bombs go off in
front of my apartment on two
separate occasions.
And he worked-- the Michael Wolf
case is extremely interesting.
He was a remote viewer
with a Stubblebine group,
had done the Achille Lauro case,
and a lot of the Red Brigade
cases he had remote viewed.
And I had been one of
the only journalists that
covered that case.
But evidently, when
you're doing something
that disrupts the
status quo, especially
with intelligence people--
Michael had worked for the
CIA and had been an agent.
And when you're
working with this--
and it was very important
for me to go to the source,
like a Guy Andronik
that worked with H-bomb.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: But I
didn't realize--
I think I didn't realize
until I saw the movie
"Oppenheimer" that the
mentality here is, yeah,
we made an A-bomb.
Let's make something stronger.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: So now
where are we today?
>> REGINA: That
was a competition.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, but
where are we today?
What's stronger than the H-bomb?
Like, is this thinking
still on Earth?
There's the H-bomb.
Like, what else are we doing?
>> REGINA: Well, the people
in certain countries still
threaten to go nuclear.
I mean, this is such
a worn-out old story
that should have
been put to rest
the day of the original
blasts in 1945.
We should have never, ever
considered this technology
again.
But you still have
all of these silos,
all of these capabilities.
Drones can drop them,
for heaven's sakes.
You know--
>> HARRIS: Yeah, we actually
what I call shot ourselves
in the foot because there's
no getting off this.
I mean, if people start--
if everybody's
having a competition
for nuclear or other
exotic weapons,
then how do we get off
this race, this arms race
or whatever?
But the thinking
of the scientists
in that film, the sitting
down and dialoguing
that they did really interested
me because I had covered--
>> REGINA: Me too, yeah.
>> HARRIS: --I had
covered the Oppenheimer--
and Einstein was
in the film, too.
>> REGINA: He was quite
prominent as an advisor
and friend to Oppenheimer.
>> HARRIS: Absolutely,
at Princeton--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: You have to remember.
And so what secret stuff is
going on that's dangerous?
And don't we look at
the repercussions?
I don't think Oppenheimer
was really happy
that it was tested on-- and it
wasn't tested-- on two cities.
He thought one would
have been enough.
I mean, this kind of
thinking is crazy.
>> REGINA: Yeah, so he
and Albert were concerned.
And so here we are.
Now, this is about roughly
a month before Roswell, OK?
And you've done a tremendous
amount of research.
You did a companion to
"Day after Roswell,"
Philip Corso's book, right?
>> HARRIS: Yeah, actually, it
was his original manuscript.
It's called "The
Dawning of a New Age."
>> REGINA: "The Dawning
of a New Age," yeah.
>> HARRIS: --because "The Day
after Roswell" is co-written.
It's got a co-author.
And so when he came
to Italy, Corso
wanted the original manuscript
that we would print.
And people can have
access to that.
>> REGINA: Yes, and I highly
recommend that people read both
of those books.
I found them both
fascinating in terms
of what kind of technology was
seeded, at least in America.
We also had Germany
and other places
around the planet where
this technology was
seeded through crashes.
So here it is a month
before the Roswell crash
but well after the
events of World War II.
And so this letter is written.
It says "top secret"
across the top.
The name of the document
is called "Relationships
with inhabitants of
celestrial bodies"--
they call them celestrial.
And you go through,
and they set up
why they're writing the letter.
But there's much in
this that's fascinating.
Can people find it on your site?
Where do they find it?
They have to go to Bob Wood.
>> HARRIS: No, MJ-12--
>> REGINA: MJ-12.
>> HARRIS: Ryan
Wood's site has it,
but if they want to email me,
I'll be glad to give it to them
because I think it puts it
in a context of history.
And the fact that it's written
in July before Roswell--
I mean in June--
>> REGINA: June.
>> HARRIS: --in June before
Roswell means what it means,
is there were other
crashes before that.
>> REGINA: Yeah, and
you're aware of those.
>> HARRIS: And they're
having a problem.
>> REGINA: You study them.
>> HARRIS: And they're having
a problem trying to decide what
to do.
>> REGINA: So this was
one of the suggestions.
Another possibility-- they've
gone through some possibilities
if peaceful cooperation
isn't an issue.
"Another possibility may exist
that a species of Homo sapiens
might have
established themselves
as an independent nation
on another celestrial body
in our solar system
and evolved culturally
independently from ours.
Obviously, this possibility
depends on many circumstances
whose conditions
cannot yet be foreseen.
However, we can make a study on
the basis of which such a thing
might have occurred."
So looking at some evolved
humans from elsewhere
that come back here--
>> HARRIS: Come back
and say, don't do this.
>> REGINA: --and are concerned.
Don't do this.
>> HARRIS: Don't do this.
What are you people doing?
It's going to get worse.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And OK, now we continue down
page 2 a little further,
and the top of this
part says, "Now we
come to the problem
of determining
what to do if the inhabitants
of celestrial bodies
or extraterrestrial
biological entities
desire to settle here."
OK?
OK.
>> HARRIS: [LAUGH]
That's a problem.
>> REGINA: And
they're saying, hey,
we brought this on ourselves.
We drew this
attention to ourselves
by creating this destructive,
reckless technology.
Now we're having to live with
it, so let's make a plan.
Here it says, "A superior
form of colonizing
will have to be conceived that
could be a kind of tutelage,
possibly through the tacit
approval of the United
Nations"--
>> HARRIS: Nations.
>> REGINA: Right.
"But would the United
Nations legally
have the right of allowing
such tutelage over us
in such a fashion?"
So here they're talking
about overt colonization
of wiser species, and how do we
welcome them, learn from them,
and live alongside them
until we can get our
you know what together.
>> HARRIS: Well, yeah, these
are two scientists, remember,
that are--
>> REGINA: This is
Oppenheimer and Einstein--
>> HARRIS: And Einstein, yeah.
>> REGINA: --writing
to President Truman.
>> HARRIS: These are two
scientists who are using
logic-- thank God.
And they're saying, OK, well,
we got to deal with this.
And then part of
that also says we
have to create another United
Nations called a Supra--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: A Supra
United Nations.
I'm looking at the
United Nations today,
and I'm looking--
>> REGINA: How they
would handle this?
>> HARRIS: How they handle--
how do they handle what's
happening right now?
>> REGINA: Yeah-- not well.
>> HARRIS: And then we're
going to have ETs coming down,
and then they have
to handle that, too?
And there is no structure or a
way of dealing with this that--
I mean, you could create a
Supra United Nations, but--
>> REGINA: We don't have
the maturity to even choose
the players.
>> HARRIS: And not only that--
we just had disclosure with
"The New York Times."
It just came out
that this is real.
Otherwise, it's all been
science fiction up until now.
>> REGINA: Right.
So here we have these--
so they're really, truly,
earnestly thinking they have
enough clout, enough position
that it will make it
before President Truman.
So what happens then?
>> HARRIS: Well, they're very
logical about delineating all
the problems.
And they actually
say, this came out
of our testing of
the atomic bomb.
>> REGINA: Yes, they
were very clear about it.
>> HARRIS: They're very
clear that they were being
surveilled.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: And there are
other photos of there.
>> REGINA: And
they had clearance.
They knew this.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, and
they have other photos.
Regina, there's photos out
there of ships over that area
right around this time,
apart from the one
that we're going to show.
But this was concerning
them because they were
looking at it as inclusive.
And it's the same
problem we have
today with the
Congressional hearings
because they're looking at--
how are they looking at it,
as a national security issue?
Do we have to develop exotic
weapons to go after them?
>> REGINA: It's more
money, more weapons.
>> HARRIS: Or all that stuff.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> HARRIS: So the problem
that we're having today with
the discussions relate to
the problem that Einstein
and Oppenheimer are talking
about in this letter in 1947.
>> REGINA: Let's go to the photo
you just mentioned because I
meant to go to it
a little bit ago.
This is very interesting.
Who was this photo--
who took this series of photos?
Because I understand there
were several cameras--
>> HARRIS: Right, seven cameras.
>> REGINA: And this
only came up on one--
>> HARRIS: One.
>> REGINA: --of the cameras.
>> HARRIS: Right.
>> REGINA: And first of all,
it's a very different kind
of photography that's almost
photographing in nanoseconds.
>> HARRIS: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And that's why they
brought it in for this blast,
to see nanosecond by
nanosecond how it was building.
And so I don't know how
many frames this was in,
but you see here on the lower
left, there is this kind of--
it looks like Bell Rock
in Sedona, actually.
>> HARRIS: It's a bell craft.
>> REGINA: It's a bell craft.
>> HARRIS: It's very much like
the Adamski craft with the--
>> REGINA: That was visiting
regularly, speaking of this.
>> HARRIS: --in 1953 because
that was when he was cautioned
by Orthon to stop the nuclear
and to be an ambassador and go
to the kings and queens and
everybody and say, stop this.
But this looks like the
Adamski craft, the bell craft.
And it's just
sitting there and--
>> REGINA: Watching
the atomic blast.
>> HARRIS: --the atomic
blast, which is a little part
on the bottom, but all of the
repercussions or what happened
in the atmosphere
is that big circle.
>> REGINA: Yeah, it was just--
>> HARRIS: So it's huge.
>> REGINA: --it's shocking.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, it's huge.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
I have another
document that tells
about the name of
that kind of camera,
which I don't have on me
right now, but people can--
>> HARRIS: It's a real camera.
It's a real photo.
And it comes out of Europe.
And--
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: And it
came to the offices--
and I know who sent it to
because I know the researchers
in Europe that found it.
And they did incredible
research on the atomic--
maybe because of the
movie or so forth.
And it came out of the
offices of Jaime Maussan
when I was down there.
And he said, you want
to see this picture that
came from these people that
I know very well in Europe?
He said, it's one of seven
cameras that were on the--
and it's very obvious that
it's a bell-shaped craft that's
sitting there watching.
>> REGINA: Well, and it's
not in any of the other--
>> HARRIS: No, it's not
in any of the other--
>> REGINA: Shots.
>> HARRIS: --shots.
>> REGINA: No.
It just was there-- it
blinked in and blinked out.
>> HARRIS: Right, exactly.
>> REGINA: So it's
just we're assuming.
We're making an assumption.
This is an example of exactly
what we're talking about.
They're very
concerned, and they're
watching this blast at Trinity.
>> HARRIS: Yes, and
I think whoever--
and there's a website
around these cameras--
whoever was looking
at this image
must have had some kind of
discussion apart from the fact
that there are
other photos of UFOs
over the blast that Einstein
and Oppenheimer knew about.
>> REGINA: Yeah, they had
that kind of clearance.
They would have known.
>> HARRIS: Yeah,
they would know.
I mean, of course they knew.
They knew everything that
happened in that area.
And if Trinity happened,
it happened one month later
when some of the Manhattan--
Yeah.
And it's like 4 miles away
from the Owl Bar and Cafe.
How could Oppenheimer not know?
>> REGINA: Right, so we
have this bit of evidence
that's obscure and interesting,
and if people contact you,
you can give them--
>> HARRIS: Oh, yeah,
>> REGINA: --the documents,
the name of the photographer,
and so forth.
>> HARRIS: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So now we get back
to this document that goes
on and on.
It's six pages of all
these different scenarios
about humanity
ultimately is probably
going to need to have relations
with extraterrestrials
in an open, collaborative way.
>> HARRIS: Eventually, yes.
>> REGINA: Eventually, and
we would be the students.
>> HARRIS: Well, that's
how they phrased it, yeah.
>> REGINA: Yes, and
so here it says,
"Myself and general
Marshall have read this,
and I must admit
there is some logic.
But I hardly think the
president will consider it
for the obvious reasons.
I understand Oppenheimer
approached Marshall
while they attended"-- it's
hard to read, something at--
"As I understand it,
Marshall rebuffed
the idea of Oppenheimer
discussing this
with the president."
OK--
>> HARRIS: It's signed
by Vannevar Bush.
>> REGINA: Now, you can
understand why-- now,
think about this.
So what follows, OK?
So the next president we have--
right-- is Eisenhower.
>> HARRIS: Is Eisenhower.
>> REGINA: And who is warning
of the military-industrial--
>> HARRIS: Industrial complex.
>> REGINA: --complex.
This is military, and military
is saying, what a stupid idea.
We need to stay in competition
and keep developing our warring
methods and
technologies, and it's
keeping the military-industrial
complex going.
Comments on that because
by rejecting this-- now,
who knows what Truman
would have said?
But the point is, they
didn't even let him see it.
>> HARRIS: No, they
didn't let him see it.
But it's very hard for
even the military, anybody
to wrap their mind around it.
Right now, even with what
we've got as disclosure,
we're talking about Tic Tacs,
and we're talking about craft.
Nobody has opened the door--
except now, during the
hearings-- about what's inside
or who's inside.
It's easier for them to talk
about the actual machinery
and everything than
what is inside.
And whether it'd be an
artificial intelligence,
a drone, or some kind of
being from another planet--
I mean, it's all the above.
It's-- we don't touch that.
It's funny that Oppenheimer
and Einstein touched that--
>> REGINA: They were
philosophers, though.
These men--
>> HARRIS: They touched that.
>> REGINA: --had
deeply philosophical--
they were scientists with deeply
philosophical minds and were
concerned with the philosophical
implications for the future
of humanity.
And so it was very intelligently
and thoughtfully written
because these are
the kind of people
we need to be listening to--
philosophers that can
see the repercussions,
extension of our actions.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, they're
physicists and scientists.
They're not military guys.
>> REGINA: They're
not military guys.
>> HARRIS: No.
>> REGINA: So now we go on.
Truman's out, right,
and Eisenhower's in.
Now Eisenhower is on his way
out, saying, holy cow, people.
Beware of the
military-industrial complex
because they're
running the whole show.
>> HARRIS: But I also think
that Eisenhower had a meeting
at Holloman.
I do--
>> REGINA: OK, talk about
this because I know.
>> HARRIS: I interviewed--
well, my book--
>> REGINA: Talk about--
>> HARRIS:
--"Connecting the Dots"
has the exact testimony of
Kirkland, who was there.
And he--
>> REGINA: Say where.
You have to create
a frame around this.
>> HARRIS: He was at
Holloman Air Force Base.
He was called in.
He said that Eisenhower--
evidently he
disappeared, and they
said he had gone to a dentist
to take care of his teeth.
But if you watch the
Emenegger movie, "UFOs--
Past, Present, and
Future," Robert Emenegger
said that-- this
is a long story--
that they were promised footage
to do a disclosure documentary.
But I've seen the
documentary, and I saw it
when it had the
title "It Has Begun."
And in the documentary,
there's Rod Serling
with Jacques Vallée,
Burgess Meredith,
and they're talking about
a hypothetical meeting
of Eisenhower with these beings.
But they have an 8-second piece
of film that's real of a craft
coming down at Holloman,
which is in New Mexico.
>> REGINA: And was Eisenhower
said to have been there at that
moment?
>> HARRIS: Yes, and Kirkland
told me he was there,
that they had been pulled
into the cafeteria--
>> REGINA: Which considering
everything that would be going
on, of course, that would
not be out of the question--
for other species to want to
connect with the more powerful
people in the world.
So let's say give them
the benefit of the doubt.
What if he had met with them?
What was this speech
that has become
so famous about beware of the
military-industrial complex?
>> HARRIS: Well, when you
have a crash of any kind,
you have technology, and
you're not going to throw it
in the trash.
You're going to try to figure
out how you can copy it or back
engineer it and so forth.
>> REGINA: "The Day after
Roswell," Corso's book, yeah.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, I
mean it's logical.
Now, Corso's Army, but
Air Force started way back
before the Army, and the
Navy is in charge of UFOs.
So the thing that we have is
a very interesting scenario,
where--
and I have to follow
Eisenhower too
because Eisenhower
wrote a letter to one
of our contactees, our Adamski.
And I have that letter.
They gave it to me.
His name was Genio Siracusa.
He was on the island of Sicily.
And he was our Adamski.
>> REGINA: The Italian Adamski.
>> HARRIS: Yes because he met
with people from Venus who had
the same message.
>> REGINA: Now, first we have
to say Adamski is said to have
been taken by beings
from Venus up in ships,
shown a lot about the nature
of how space travel works,
the future, what's
happening on Earth,
what we're evolving into.
He was shown a great deal.
And there are books
written by Adamski.
>> HARRIS: Oh, yeah, no--
Adamski, when he had his meeting
with Orthon at Desert Center,
he was with five people.
And not only that, but now it's
coming out that there's even
a photograph of Orthon.
There's a new book out.
>> REGINA: Right, so he was
getting all of this from
Venusians.
>> HARRIS: Venusians,
and so was--
>> REGINA: So your
guy in Italy--
>> HARRIS: It was
from Venusians.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> HARRIS: Now, whether
they came from Venus or not,
I'm not going to even go there.
>> REGINA: Right, but
that's what they claimed.
>> HARRIS: But they
looked the same.
The message was the same.
And President Eisenhower
wrote to Siracusa and said--
and it's got his name.
It's got his signature.
And it said, Mrs.
Eisenhower and I
will try our best to try to work
with this situation of peace.
And I'm wondering,
why would he write
to an Italian contactee
who doesn't even
speak English, probably, who did
the very same thing as Adamski?
He went to all the
leaders of Europe
at that time with the warnings.
So in the 1950s--
1953 to '60s-- we
were warning the world
of the dangers of nuclear.
And whether it was Adamski,
Menger, all the people at Giant
Rock, the Giant Rock crew,
or it was our guy in Sicily,
somebody should be
connecting dots here.
I mean, you can't make this up.
>> REGINA: You're
connecting dots, Paola.
And I want to say, you and I are
both fans of the work that was
coming out in the
'50s and the '60s--
>> HARRIS: Yes.
>> REGINA: --from these
contactee gentlemen.
>> HARRIS: Yes.
>> REGINA: They were people that
explained what was going on.
It was done just
like the films you
see about people in the '50s.
Everything was done-- even
the bad guys were gentlemanly
in these films.
So this was a very
gentlemanly type
of contact, in
which they explained
what was being shown
to them regarding
the health of the human
body, for example.
Menger-- his book, many things--
was it called from Earth to you?
>> HARRIS: "From
Outer Space to You."
>> REGINA: Outer space to you.
>> HARRIS: And it was that
they lived longer than we do.
>> REGINA: And
they explained why.
>> HARRIS: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And they talked
about the best way to eat
and so forth.
And so there's a lot of
different kinds of information
that was coming through
these contactees
all through the '50s.
And we're big fans of that.
I find it much more
intriguing than someone
talking about a Tic Tac kind
of darting through space,
and do we need to
build more weapons.
What are the real messages?
And we're almost out
of time, so tell us
in your own mind, from
having read all of it
and writing the "Connecting
the Dots" book, what
do you think is the
most important thing
for us to focus on in this
whole big mess called UFOlogy?
>> HARRIS: Well, all the
interviews are in "UFOs
Connecting the Dots,"
and they're word-for-word
interviews.
The thing is that
we're not independent.
We are one.
When Edgar Mitchell had his
epiphany out in outer space,
he looked at the
Earth, and he said,
I want to tell the
people in Congress
and the people in the world,
there are no boundaries.
So why are we killing each
other over boundaries?
And God bless Edgar
Mitchell because we
are one human species.
We have had contact.
I've always wondered
if they were
going to be official about it,
what country would they go to?
And what I saw was they may
not go from the top down.
They may go to the regular
citizen of the planet that's
a human species.
>> REGINA: Which is
what's happening.
>> HARRIS: Yes.
>> REGINA: People shooting all
these different things with
their cameras saying--
>> HARRIS: Exactly.
>> REGINA: --wow,
what the heck is that?
>> HARRIS: They're going
to go from the bottom up
for disclosure because
they're going to go and talk
to the average citizen that
doesn't represent any ideology,
any religion, any boundaries.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> HARRIS: That's where we
have our problem today in 2023.
We need to get back
to we are one species.
If there is contact,
we got to do it
like Oppenheimer and
Einstein suggested--
logically.
>> REGINA: Logically,
collaboratively,
and peacefully.
>> HARRIS: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Thank you, Paola.
What is the-- is it called
"Connecting the Dots"?
Is that the title?
>> HARRIS: "Connecting the
Dots, Making Sense of the UFO
Phenomena."
>> REGINA: Yes,
because you're, to me,
the most impressive boots on
the ground UFO researcher out
there, period.
I know a lot of guys have
their name up there and bigger
than yours, but--
>> HARRIS: Yeah, but
it's about the work.
>> REGINA: --you're
the one for me.
So it's about the
work, and you do--
>> HARRIS: It's about the work.
>> REGINA: --the work,
so thank you, Paola.
>> HARRIS: No, thank you.
>> REGINA: Again, to find
out more about the ramp up
to the dropping of
the atomic bomb,
you can read Paola's
book "Trinity"
and watch the film "Oppenheimer"
and also read "Connecting
the Dots."
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]